feat: Explain dynamic routing limitations (#143)
citynetwork/docs: docs/reference/limitations/openstack.md

  > You can use `openstack project list`, but this will only list the project(s) that your user account has access to.
* `openstack domain <subcommand>`

## Neutron

### Dynamic routing

Neutron in {{brand}} does not support dynamic routing protocols in a customer-accessible manner.
We currently do not expose the ability to configure [BGP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Border_Gateway_Protocol) speakers or peers.

> {{brand}} does use [BGP dynamic routing](https://docs.openstack.org/neutron/latest/admin/config-bgp-dynamic-routing.html) *internally,* but our Neutron configuration restricts the ability to use these features to administrative accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While {{brand}} does use [BGP dynamic routing](https://docs.openstack.org/neutron/latest/admin/config-bgp-dynamic-routing.html) *internally,* our Neutron configuration restricts the ability to use these features to administrative accounts only.
```

Author: Very good. Thanks!
